docs: more details for errors/warnings on the site (#14632)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/98-reference/.generated/compile-warnings.md

Unused CSS selector "%name%"
```

> Svelte traverses both the template and the `<style>` tag to find out which of the CSS selectors are actually in use. It will prune (i.e. remove) those selectors which appear unused and warn you about it.
> 
> In some situations Svelte may be too strict and you _know_ that the selector is used. In this case, you can use [`:global` or `:global(...)`](global-styles) to prevent them from being pruned.

Reviewer: this makes it sound like Svelte is buggy, rather than this being a deliberate design

````suggestion
Svelte traverses both the template and the `<style>` tag to find out which of the CSS selectors are not used within the template, so it can remove them.

In some situations a selector may target an element that is not 'visible' to the compiler, for example because it is part of an `{@html ...}` tag or you're overriding styles in a child component. In these cases, use [`:global`](/docs/svelte/global-styles) to preserve the selector as-is:

```svelte
<div class="post">{@html content}</div>

<style>
  .post :global {
    p {...}
  }
</style>
```
````
